Add an option to require ignore comments have error codes (#11633)
python/mypy: docs/source/error_code_list2.rst

This is similar in concept to ensuring that an expression's type implements an expected interface (e.g. ``Sized``),
except that attempting to invoke an undefined method (e.g. ``__len__``) results in an error,
while attempting to evaluate an object in boolean context without a concrete implementation results in a truthy value.

> Check that ``# type: ignore`` include an error code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that ``# type: ignore`` include an error code [ignore-without-code]
```

Include the error code in the section title, as with the previous section

Author: f9e60f9b36eda3443a69481bbffed9e293c87833 adds this

---------------------------------------------------

Warn when an ``# type: ignore`` comment does not specify any error codes.
This clarifies the intent of the ignore as well as ensuring that only the
expected errors are silenced.

Example:

.. code-block:: python

    # mypy: enable-error-code ignore-without-code

    class Foo:
        def __init__(self, name: str) -> None:
            self.name = name

    f = Foo('foo')

>     # This line has a typo that mypy can't help with as both the expected 'assignment' and 'attr-defined' are silenced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # This line has a typo that mypy can't help with as both the expected error 'assignment' and the unexpected error 'attr-defined' are silenced
```

This was a bit hard to read. Probably should also split it into multiple lines.

Author: 7798cbd902b3c6c9a781eba1e5ac857ef5dbe355 hopefully helps here?

This is similar in concept to ensuring that an expression's type implements an expected interface (e.g. ``Sized``),
except that attempting to invoke an undefined method (e.g. ``__len__``) results in an error,
while attempting to evaluate an object in boolean context without a concrete implementation results in a truthy value.

Check that ``# type: ignore`` include an error code [ignore-without-code]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Warn when an ``# type: ignore`` comment does not specify any error codes.
> This clarifies the intent of the ignore as well as ensuring that only the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warn when a ``# type: ignore`` comment does not specify any error codes.
This clarifies the intent of the ignore and ensures that only the
```
Sorry, one more change
